OVERVIEW: 
The fit_multi.py script and associated modules are intended
to be used to obtain mathematical fits to radio astronomy data
collected with the gr_radio astro suite of programs published through
the West Virginia University Radio Instrumentation Laboratory (WVU-RAIL) as 
part of the NSF-sponsoree DSPIRA program.  

fit_multi.py reads data from a ".kel" data file. It is most useful to
import data formatted as intensity (kelvins) versus velocity (m/s), but you 
may also import data formatted as intensity (kelvins) versus frequency (Hz).

USAGE:  
Place the data (".kel") and parameter (".txt") files into the "data" folder.
(Be sure to delete the file named "Delete_this_file" from the "data" folder)
Open the parameter file and update the name of the .kel file you wish to fit.
Run all subsequent commands from a terminal window in the "Fit" directory.

To see a plot of the data in the .kel file, type the command below:
python plotkel.py

Using the displayed plot, update the parameters file to enter approximate values
for the center, coefficient (amplitude) and sigma (width) value for each peak.
Up to three Guassians are allowed. Peaks do not need to be listed in A-B-C order 
of increasing velocity (or frequency.)  Rather, the peaks should be listed in order 
of decreasing prominence (Peak A should be the most prominent, C the least.)  
Before you actually start your fit, you'll first want to see how your initial values
compare to the actual data.  To do this, set all of the fitting flags to "0" 
in the parameter file. Then enter the command:

$ python fit_multi.py

The program will generate a plot that displays your initial values overlaid with the data.

To enable fitting, set each flag to "1" for each feature you wish to fit.
If your data only contains two peaks, you can eliminate the third peak (C) by setting its
coefficient to "0" and its flags to "0"

The program proceeds by optimizing the first peak in the user defined guess until 
a least-sum of squares is obtained for this peak's center, coefficient and sigma values. 
It then moves on to optimize the second peak, and then the third.  It then repeats
the entire process until the overall sum is at a relative minimum. The nitty gritty of 
calculating the sum of least squares it handled in the module "minimize.py"

In addition to plotting the final function that is obtained, fit.py will write all
output results to a ".dat" file (in the "data" subdirectory) with the same prefix as the ".kel" file.  Note that
the ".dat" file is re-written each time that fit.py is run.

There are examples provided in the EXAMPLES folder for one, two and three peak fits.

Note that there is an additional script called stripfile.py, which simply reads the
.kel file and strips off the header information, as well as the first column in the file.
As with the previous programs, stripfile.py must be run in the FIT (main) folder, and
its output is written as a ".txt" file to the "data" folder.

This program is meant for amateur use and is free for all users. The author does not
guarantee that there are no errors.
